Components:
discovery_service 
config_service 
github_repository 
account_service
customer_service
store_service
item_service
price_service
foodtray_service

Connections:
github_repository -> config_service 
config_service -> discovery_service 
config_service -> account_service 
account_service -> discovery_service 
config_service -> customer_service 
customer_service -> discovery_service 
config_service -> store_service 
store_service -> discovery_service 
config_service -> item_service
item_service -> discovery_service 
config_service -> price_service 
price_service -> discovery_service 
config_service -> foodtray_service 
foodtray_service -> discovery_service 
foodtray_service -> item_service 
foodtray_service -> price_service 

Endpoints:
account_service: "/accounts"
customer_service: "/customers"
store_service: "/stores"
item_service: "/items"
price_service: "/prices"
foodtray_service: "/foodtrays", "/foodtrays/{itemCode}", "/foodtrays/price/{itemCode}", "/foodtrays/item/{itemCode}"