configserver 
github_repository 
webservice_registry
auth_server
database_auth_server
web_portal
user_webservice
comments_webservice
task_webservice
api_gateway
user

github_repository -> configserver 
configserver -> webservice_registry 
database_auth_server -> auth_server 
configserver -> auth_server 
auth_server -> webservice_registry 
configserver -> web_portal
web_portal -> webservice_registry 
configserver -> user_webservice
user_webservice -> webservice_registry
auth_server -> user_webservice 
configserver -> comments_webservice 
comments_webservice -> webservice_registry 
auth_server -> comments_webservice 
task_webservice -> webservice_registry 
auth_server -> task_webservice 
configserver -> task_webservice 
task_webservice -> comments_webservice
user -> api_gateway
api_gateway -> user 
api_gateway -> auth_server 
database_auth_server -> api_gateway 
api_gateway -> user_webservice
api_gateway -> task_webservice
api_gateway -> web_portal 
configserver -> api_gateway 
webservice_registry -> api_gateway 
